feat: Adds image and instructions on how to get DevCard page (#234)
open-sauced/docs: docs/features/dev-card.md

Whether you are just beginning your open source journey or a maintainer looking for more contributors and sponsors, you can share your Dev Card as a snapshot of your contributions, skills, and engagement in the open source community.

Eager to get your Dev Card? Here's how you can get yours today:

1. Log in to your OpenSauced account.
2. Navigate to your [profile](https://app.opensauced.pizza/user/{username}).
3. Click the Dev Card icon on your profile image.

> ![dev card icon on user profile](../../static/img/<file-name>)

Reviewer: @Haimantika as Bekah already confirmed and you can't download the image; I've removed the SVG, downloaded the image and added it here.
One thing for you to fix, and this PR is ready! Thank you. 😊

```suggestion
![dev card icon on user profile](../../static/img/get-dev-card.png)
```

Whether you are just beginning your open source journey or a maintainer looking for more contributors and sponsors, you can share your Dev Card as a snapshot of your contributions, skills, and engagement in the open source community.

Eager to get your Dev Card? Here's how you can get yours today:
1. Log in to your OpenSauced account.
2. Navigate to your [profile](https://app.opensauced.pizza/user/{username}).

> 3. Click the DevCard icon on your profile image.

Reviewer 2: Hi @Haimantika. I highly recommend adding [the image that @BekahHW provided](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/issues/222) in the issue after this step. That way users know what to look for when using their Dev card.

Author: Thanks for the review. I am not able to download the image that Bekah added, but I have added a screenshot with mine. I will just reference it in the next step.

> Eager to get your Dev Card? Here's how you can get yours today:
> 1. Log in to your OpenSauced account.
> 2. Navigate to your [profile](https://app.opensauced.pizza/user/{username}).
> 3. Click the [DevCard icon](static/img/get_dev_card.svg) on your profile image.

Reviewer: There are several things to change here:

- Let's add a space before the `ol` to follow Markdown best practice.
- Let's add a space in "DevCard" for consistency --> "Dev Card".
- We want to show the image as an example. So, let's embed it instead of hyperlink it.

```suggestion
Eager to get your Dev Card? Here's how you can get yours today:

1. Log in to your OpenSauced account.
2. Navigate to your [profile](https://app.opensauced.pizza/user/{username}).
3. Click the Dev Card icon on your profile image.

![dev card icon on user profile](../../static/img/<file-name>)
```
